chore : Added PR and Issue template (#54)
openebs/upgrade: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature-request.md

---
name: Feature request

> about: Suggest an idea to improve cstor-csi driver

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Suggest an idea to improve openebs upgrades
```
